.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1

.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "FASTDEP" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
fastdep \(em fast dependency generator for C/C++ 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBfastdep\fR [options] file  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBfastdep\fR command. 
.PP 
This manual page was written for the \fBDebian\fP distribution 
because the original program does not have a manual page. 
Instead, it has html documentation in HTML format; see below. 
.PP 
\fBfastdep\fR is a dependency generator 
for C and C++ files. It generates dependencies an order of 
magnitude faster than using gcc to do such. 
.PP 
\fB Example Makefile fragment: \fR 
.PP 
.nf 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n 
_depend: 
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ fastdep $(SOURCES) > _depend 
 
-include _depend 
 
.fi 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
This programs follows the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`-').  A summary of 
options is included below. 
 
.IP "\fB-v\fP           \fB--version\fP         " 10 
Show version, author, license of program. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
make (1), cook (1), gcc (1), dep.pl (1), cvs (1), aegis (1). 
.PP 
The program is documented fully at 
\fI/usr/share/doc/fastdep/manual/fastdep.html\fP. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Zenaan Harkness zen@freedbms.org for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any  
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
